fix updateQuery updater function type (#538)
FormidableLabs/urql: .changeset/famous-ducks-smash.md

---
'@urql/exchange-graphcache': patch
---

> Changes the type for the `updater` function of `cache.updateQuery` to `DataFields` this doesn't require `__typename` to be defined.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the `updater` function type of `cache.updateQuery` to have a return type of `DataFields` so that `__typename` does not need to be defined.
```
